presented by Starbucks when it comes to
ingredients that I'd love to use pork is
the end-all be-all for me if I could
bathe in bacon fat I'd do it my name is
Justin Albertson I'm the executive chef
of perch restaurant in downtown Los
Angeles we have this beautiful French
bistro this beautiful French building
the view is amazing there's a live band
blasting in at seven o'clock the crowd
is super diverse and it's just a it's a
great place for people watching and to
enjoy yourself and just have a great
meal initially got into cooking because
I was very interested in women and I
felt like that would be a great way to
get to know them a little bit better I
ended up one night having dinner at a
French bistro down the street from my
house and loved the food walked to the
chef and said I'm considering this for a
career I have zero experience I'll wash
your dishes how can I start and the
pantry guy had just given us two weeks
notice
so he told me to come in the next day I
showed up to work in suit pants and like
a button-up shirt and I was covered in
crap by the end of the night and I had
never felt so good about myself or about
the work I had done there's something
inside me that said this is what you
want to do I never looked back
summertime I love because of the
abundance of produce but I'm more of a
heavier richer kind of guy so I like
fall in winter when you can start doing
the roasted root vegetables and the
purees and the soups and the braise is
having yoki right now with pesto and
summer squash we're gonna segue into a
agnolotti with butternut squash and
ricotta green apples pecorino cheese
some truffle creme fraiche and brown
butter roasted pumpkin seeds
my style is very impulsive it's kind of
what I want to cook when I want to cook
it based on seasonal ingredients
generally a dish it becomes iconic
starts with stuff that you just like to
eat one that I serve here is definitely
the pork belly I've worked on that for a
long time and we cure the pork for 32
hours rinse it and then sous-vide it for
another five to six hours and then pan
fry and glaze it with maple syrup and
sherry vinegar serve a little bit of
pickled apples and frisée and serrano
peppers so you have a really nice
balance of sweet sour spicy a little bit
of bitterness from the frisée I think
it's a well-balanced dish kind of a
signature dish because of the name and
the dish itself is the little bunny
frou-frou it's a ravioli of braised
rabbit leg finished with some salami
parsnip and bacon fat breadcrumbs
fresh rosemary and a little bit of
carrot tops the raviolis are all made
in-house it's uh it's about a three day
process raising the rabbit leg picking
the rabbit leg and then making a farce
out of it robocoin it adding the butter
and then rolling out the pasta and
making all the ravioli a lot of love a
lot of patience a lot of frustration
when I make a menu I focus on what can I
do consistently well what can I show my
cooks that art is not gonna be too
overwhelming for them so when they get
busy they can continue to execute it on
a nightly basis I think that innovation
is a very loose term there's a only a
few chefs in my mind that are super
innovative I mean you're look talking
about Grant Achatz at Alinea Ferran
adrià at LL Bowie and Rene Redzepi
they're innovating they're changing the
shape of the wheel I've been exposed to
that but I enjoy more rustic ingredients
and simple food but at the same time you
can definitely play with global flavors
and
and make something that's fairly
traditional but the flavor profile could
be completely different I think the key
to staying relevant now is making sure
that you are eating out and and seeing
and tasting what's going on in your
surrounding areas and reading cookbooks
you know people have mapped out their
success in their cookbooks a lot of
times and you can play off of that when
people come to visit and dine at perch I
want to provide them with an experience
that is fun and make food that's
accessible and not make them feel like
we're trying too hard or trying to be
something that we're not you have to
make sure that you're playing within
your concept if you keep changing all
the time that makes it very difficult
for somebody to become a loyal customer
they can enjoy the view they can enjoy
the band and they can enjoy the food and
everything together just makes for an
overall amazing experience
[Music]
you